Update static graph docs (#5259)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/specs/static-graph-implementation-details.md

  - [Input / Output cache implementation](#input--output-cache-implementation)
  - [Isolation implementation](#isolation-implementation)
    - [How isolation exemption complicates everything :(](#how-isolation-exemption-complicates-everything)

# Single project isolated builds: implementation details

<!-- workflow -->
Single project isolated builds can be achieved by providing MSBuild with input and output cache files.

The input cache files should contain the cached results all the targets that a project calls on its references. When a project executes, it will naturally build its references via [MSBuild task](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-task) calls. In isolated builds, the engine, instead of executing these tasks, will serve them from the provided input caches. In an isolated project build, only the current project should be building targets. Any other referenced projects should be provided form the input caches. 

The output cache file tells MSBuild where it should serialize the results of the current project. This output cache would become an input cache for all other projects that depend on the current project.

> The output cache file can be omitted in which case the build would just reuse prior results but not write out any new results. This could be useful when one wants to replay a build from previous caches.

Author: >By "replay a build from previous caches," do you mean going through the steps of a build as in seeing at what point it went wrong?

More like executing a project without executing its references. For example, the VS feature of re-building just one project could be implemented this way with caches.

> The output cache file can be omitted in which case the build would just reuse prior results but not write out any new results. This could be useful when one wants to replay a build from previous caches.

Author: ```suggestion
The output cache file can be omitted in which case the build reuses prior results but does not write out any new results. This is useful when one wants to re-execute the build for a project without building its references.
```

> The output cache file can be omitted in which case the build would just reuse prior results but not write out any new results. This could be useful when one wants to replay a build from previous caches.

Reviewer: I like that.

The presence of either input or output caches turns on [isolated build constraints](static-graph.md##single-project-isolated-builds).

## Input / Output cache implementation
<!-- cache structure -->

> The cache files contain the serialized state of MSBuild's [ConfigCache](https://github.com/Microsoft/msbuild/blob/master/src/Build/BackEnd/Components/Caching/ConfigCache.cs) and [ResultsCache](https://github.com/Microsoft/msbuild/blob/master/src/Build/BackEnd/Components/Caching/ResultsCache.cs). These two caches have been traditionally used by the engine to cache build results. For example, it is these caches which ensure that a target is only built once per build submission. The `ConfigCache` entries are instances of [BuildRequestConfiguration](https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/37c5a9fec416b403212a63f95f15b03dbd5e8b5d/src/Build/BackEnd/Shared/BuildRequestConfiguration.cs#L25). The `ResultsCache` entries are instances of [BuildResult](https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/37c5a9fec416b403212a63f95f15b03dbd5e8b5d/src/Build/BackEnd/Shared/BuildResult.cs#L34), which compose instances of [TargetResult](https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/37c5a9fec416b403212a63f95f15b03dbd5e8b5d/src/Build/BackEnd/Shared/TargetResult.cs#L22). 

Author: ```suggestion
The cache files contain the serialized state of MSBuild's [ConfigCache](https://github.com/Microsoft/msbuild/blob/master/src/Build/BackEnd/Components/Caching/ConfigCache.cs) and [ResultsCache](https://github.com/Microsoft/msbuild/blob/master/src/Build/BackEnd/Components/Caching/ResultsCache.cs). These two caches have been traditionally used by the engine to cache build results. For example, it is these caches which ensure that a target is only built once per build submission. The `ConfigCache` entries are instances of [BuildRequestConfiguration](https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/37c5a9fec416b403212a63f95f15b03dbd5e8b5d/src/Build/BackEnd/Shared/BuildRequestConfiguration.cs#L25). The `ResultsCache` entries are instances of [BuildResult](https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/37c5a9fec416b403212a63f95f15b03dbd5e8b5d/src/Build/BackEnd/Shared/BuildResult.cs#L34), which contain or more instances of [TargetResult](https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/37c5a9fec416b403212a63f95f15b03dbd5e8b5d/src/Build/BackEnd/Shared/TargetResult.cs#L22). 
```
